Add docs for `vars.yml` (#8705)
fishtown-analytics/docs.getdbt.com: website/docs/docs/dbt-versions/core-upgrade/03-upgrading-to-v1.12.md

## New and changed features and functionality

### Support for `vars.yml` <Lifecycle status="beta" />

> The [`vars.yml`](/docs/build/project-variables#defining-variables-in-varsyml) file, located at the project root, is used to define project variables. This keeps variable definitions in one place and helps simplify `dbt_project.yml`. Variables defined in `vars.yml` are parsed _before_ `dbt_project.yml`, so you can reference them in `dbt_project.yml` using `{{ var('...') }}`. You can continue to define variables in `dbt_project.yml` as before, but you cannot define variables in both files. For details and precedence, see [Project variables](/docs/build/project-variables).

Author: ```suggestion
You can use the [`vars.yml`](/docs/build/project-variables#defining-variables-in-varsyml) file, located at the project root, to define project variables. This keeps variable definitions in one place and helps simplify `dbt_project.yml`. Variables defined in `vars.yml` are parsed _before_ `dbt_project.yml`, so you can reference them in `dbt_project.yml` using `{{ var('...') }}`. You can continue to define variables in `dbt_project.yml` as before, but you cannot define variables in both files. For details and precedence, see [Project variables](/docs/build/project-variables).
```

> You can use the [`vars.yml`](/docs/build/project-variables#defining-variables-in-varsyml) file, located at the project root, to define project variables. This keeps variable definitions in one place and helps simplify `dbt_project.yml`. Variables defined in `vars.yml` are parsed _before_ `dbt_project.yml`, so you can reference them in `dbt_project.yml` using `{{ var('...') }}`. You can continue to define variables in `dbt_project.yml` as before, but you cannot define variables in both files. For details and precedence, see [Project variables](/docs/build/project-variables).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can use the [`vars.yml`](/docs/build/project-variables#defining-variables-in-varsyml) file, located at the project root, to define project variables. This keeps variable definitions in one place and helps simplify `dbt_project.yml`. Variables defined in `vars.yml` are parsed _before_ `dbt_project.yml`, so you can reference them in `dbt_project.yml` using `{{ var('...') }}`. You can continue to define variables in `dbt_project.yml` as before, but you cannot define variables in both files. For details and precedence, refer to [Project variables](/docs/build/project-variables).
```
